How to find the domain of a function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rCS4w7h74I

How to find the range of a function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tABFhT8gkA

Increasing and decreasing intervals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XxdbYtLNpY

Relative minimums and maximums
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5J5fdq3s2eI

Absolute minimums and maximums
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QKZ5-ldlHg

Even and odd functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Z2PwmZtHUQ

Transformations of functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Y9Z5g8xgXQ

Composition of functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9X0l6GkWc5I

Inverse functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10Y1Z5g8xgXQ

Piecewise functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11Z2PwmZtHUQ

Graphing rational functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12QKZ5-ldlHg

Solving exponential equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13J5fdq3s2eI

Logarithmic functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14XxdbYtLNpY

Trigonometric functions and the unit circle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15tABFhT8gkA

Graphs of sine and cosine functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16rCS4w7h74I

Adding two functions one root one linear then find domain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example1

Adding two functions one rational one linear then find domain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example2

Subtracting two functions both linear then find domain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example3

Subtracting two functions one quadratic one linear then find domain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example4

Adding two functions both rational then find domain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example5

Subtracting two functions both radical then find domain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example6

Adding two functions one trigonometric one linear then find domain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example7

Subtracting two functions both exponential then find domain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example8

Adding two functions one logarithmic one linear then find domain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example9

Subtracting two functions both polynomial then find domain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example10
